to war
if money created god loves a trinity
metro tushinskaya and let it be fixed
Attention
hence there is spiritual money
measles
spiritual culture students have what it
spiritually korea
spiritual root of money is in properties
which we replace
properties true
truth is at the heart of the world truth is like me
already said to weigh each
according to his specific abilities
not because he was born like this
hara precisely including its natural
properties and abilities
if we treated each other like that
that is, they would see completely
picture of the internal man his scheme
left possibility so i would treat
to you and you to me, we would understand each other
you could justify each other
and so on so then we didn't need money
then
then you didn't have to give out the money
right
now the question is different
score nowadays
throughout the story we are true
and could not use to the place
really enjoyed others
all sorts of properties communication
between themselves
this mercy
basically here such here
for properties
ii and so oh I would go war
if they are from poor but we add it
a little bit of something
but we have him there somehow
support the sick add a project
so it is somehow destitute something
make it hungry why in terms of
really don't do
true cuda earn how much
him and all
because she is afraid
because we can't do it right
balance or other connections between
people that these people will come to us and
destroy our world
and not covet the fact that we have
so we give every such a in the council
and others find and go around m
this is called use 88 and
edit properties
seems to be very good at calling
religion calls for everything there
good societies supposedly merciful
good in fact we are just a shit
im people
so instead of being German, we are
see that they do not succeed
means what nature needs to do
makes this place us
makes a very good sign she
everyone applauds
including money
including this property of mercy
3 nothing helps but nat
business
begin to relate to each other
in accordance with the soul of man
you just told us tomorrow
into a person's soul i mean i have to
congratulate your soul braked
and so on
so that according to the root of each root of it
strangle pieces so relate labor to
that nature is starting us today
pushers will beat while we
to this state there is such a union such
communication between them is not the limit